docs/index.md, before:

The Final Judgment
==================

The Final Judgment is an iOS game.

Action-packed and inspired by the first-person shooters of past years, The Final Judgment comes bundled with [FreeDoom](https://freedoom.github.io/) Phase I and II so you can fight aliens like it is the 90's again!

The Final Judgment is capable of loading PrBoom-compatible [WAD files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doom_WAD) that you find online. Load them using the Files app in your iPhone or iPad or by iTunes File Sharing to keep the fighting going.

Add-Ons
-------

Add-Ons for The Final Judgment refer to PrBoom-compatible [WAD files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doom_WAD). These can be IWAD or PWAD files.

Not every WAD file will be compatible with The Final Judgment application. If an incompatible WAD file is loaded, the application will close and restore a clean default state on re-launch.

**IMPORTANT**: The saved game (e.g., the game state loaded when you press the "Resume Game" button) is lost when an incompatible WAD file is loaded. Be careful of this and ensure that you are willing to lose your saved game before trying any Add-Ons.

To load Add-Ons for The Final Judgment, copy a WAD file to the application's local files using [iTunes File Sharing](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201301) or [the Files app](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT206481) on your iOS device.

NOTE: The entirety of the content, behaviors and practices of Add-Ons is at the sole discretion of the Add-On's author(s). We assume no responsibility for any Add-Ons loaded into the application nor any changes made to game files in the application's folder. Use at your own risk.

Privacy
-------

[Privacy information](privacy.html).


Credits
-------

The Final Judgment is an independent effort; the credited elements below are not affiliated with The Final Judgment.

Credit and thanks:

- id Software for the original Doom™ Classic source code
- Silicon Graphics, Inc. for libtess
- [FreeDoom](https://freedoom.github.io/) project contributors (licensed under the BSD License; see below for full license text)
    - FreeDoom is Copyright © 2001-2017, Contributors to the Freedoom project.  All rights reserved.
- Liberation Mono font group (licensed under the SIL Open Font License)
- [TheRohans](https://github.com/TheRohans/DOOM-IOS2/) for MFi controller code (licensed under the GPL 2.0)

Notice
------

Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.

DOOM, id, id Software, and id Tech are registered trademarks or trademarks of id Software LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries.

Commit message:

Added FAQ to answer frequent questions.

docs/index.md, after:

The Final Judgment
==================

The Final Judgment is an iOS game.

Action-packed and inspired by the first-person shooters of past years, The Final Judgment comes bundled with [FreeDoom](https://freedoom.github.io/) Phase I and II so you can fight aliens like it is the 90's again!

The Final Judgment is capable of loading PrBoom-compatible [WAD files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doom_WAD) that you find online. Load them using the Files app in your iPhone or iPad or by iTunes File Sharing to keep the fighting going.

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
--------------------------------

See the [Frequently Asked Questions](faq.html) page.

Add-Ons
-------

Add-Ons for The Final Judgment refer to PrBoom-compatible [WAD files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doom_WAD). These can be IWAD or PWAD files.

Not every WAD file will be compatible with The Final Judgment application. If an incompatible WAD file is loaded, the application will close and restore a clean default state on re-launch.

**IMPORTANT**: The saved game (e.g., the game state loaded when you press the "Resume Game" button) is lost when an incompatible WAD file is loaded. Be careful of this and ensure that you are willing to lose your saved game before trying any Add-Ons.

To load Add-Ons for The Final Judgment, copy a WAD file to the application's local files using [iTunes File Sharing](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201301) or [the Files app](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT206481) on your iOS device.

NOTE: The entirety of the content, behaviors and practices of Add-Ons is at the sole discretion of the Add-On's author(s). We assume no responsibility for any Add-Ons loaded into the application nor any changes made to game files in the application's folder. Use at your own risk.

For additional details see the [FAQ](faq.html).

Privacy
-------

[Privacy information](privacy.html).


Credits
-------

The Final Judgment is an independent effort; the credited elements below are not affiliated with The Final Judgment.

Credit and thanks:

- id Software for the original Doom™ Classic source code
- Silicon Graphics, Inc. for libtess
- [FreeDoom](https://freedoom.github.io/) project contributors (licensed under the BSD License; see below for full license text)
    - FreeDoom is Copyright © 2001-2017, Contributors to the Freedoom project.  All rights reserved.
- Liberation Mono font group (licensed under the SIL Open Font License)
- [TheRohans](https://github.com/TheRohans/DOOM-IOS2/) for MFi controller code (licensed under the GPL 2.0)

Notice
------

Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.

DOOM, id, id Software, and id Tech are registered trademarks or trademarks of id Software LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries.
